Refine PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md (#12749)
JabRef/jabref: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!-- YOU HAVE TO MODIFY THIS TEXT TO FIT YOUR PR. OTHERWISE, YOUR PR WILL BE CLOSED WITHOUT FURTHER COMMENT. -->

Describe the changes you have made here: what, why, ...

> For a draft pull request, please outline what is your next steps. Do you need feedback? Will you continue in parallel? ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a draft pull request, please outline your next steps. Do you need feedback? Will you continue in parallel? ...
```

<!-- LINK THE ISSUE WITH THE "Closes" KEYWORD -->
<!-- Example: Closes (link) OR Closes #xyz -->

### Mandatory checks

<!--
This checklist is mandatory even if you submit a draft pull request.

> For instance, when adding a UUI functionality, a screenshot helps reviewing - even if your code is not 100% complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, when adding a GUI functionality, a screenshot helps reviewing - even if your code is not 100% complete.
```

But I would remove this line completely to avoid too much text and duplication. A call to add a screenshot is straightforward and not hard to misunderstand.

Reviewer 2: Agreed - sometimes screenshots are needed also to check if a functionality works as intended after fixing the bug.
Removing "UI".

> Go through the list below. Keep all items. Mark them as follows: [x] done or [ ] not done / not applicable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go through the list below. Keep all items. Mark them as follows:
[x] done
[ ] not done
[/] not applicable
```

> <!-- YOU HAVE TO MODIFY THIS TEXT TO FIT YOUR PR. OTHERWISE, YOUR PR WILL BE CLOSED WITHOUT FURTHER COMMENT. -->

Reviewer 2: Don't know if people would be that dumb to modify this text in comments reading "THIS", but added some preciseness for first-timers not knowing about markdown (or markdown comments)

Describe the changes you have made here: what, where, why, ...

> If it is WIP, please open a draft pull request. In that case, outline your intended next steps. Do you need feedback? Will you continue in parallel? ...

Reviewer: 99% of PRs are work in progress. The major difference between Draft and real PR should in theory be something that is deemed mergeable or not, but in practice this fine line is fluid and always will be, because one doesn't know what one doesn't know and a review might bring to light things that was not considered beforehand and that's ok. Draft means, the one that opens the PR has the intention or the knowledge that the PR is not finished yet and will continue to work on it.

The only thing that is required for maintainers is to know when to start a review.

Reviewer 2: ~If it is WIP~ "If you are not yet sure about your approach -" does this convey it better?

Reviewer 2: Ah no, same loophole

Reviewer 2: This should be better now.

> <!-- Example: Closes (link) OR Closes #12345 -->

Reviewer 2: Maybe xyz could be interpreted as letters instead of numbers, so a number as an example.

Author: Because it is a comment, it is OK.

When it was not a comment, we thought a placeholder would be better.

<!-- LINK THE ISSUE WITH THE "Closes" KEYWORD -->
<!-- Example: Closes (link) OR Closes #xyz -->

### Mandatory checks

<!--

> Go throgh the checklist below. It is mandatory, even if you submit a draft pull request.

Reviewer: Try to avoid conditional statements. It makes sentences complicated to read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go throgh the checklist below. It is mandatory.
```

Reviewer 2: It is more of an "unconditional" statement. Would this be better:
```suggestion
Go throgh the checklist below. It is mandatory, even for draft pull requests.
```

> For instance, a screenshot helps in reviewing - even if your code is not 100% complete.

Reviewer: I still don't like this line. It's too much text that doubles down on a single topic.
```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: [Trigger for this was](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/12662#issuecomment-2724439035), so I am guessing idea was to put it somewhere. Keeping this line OR keeping https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/pull/12749#discussion_r1997680115 would suffice, so I apply your suggestion on this one and remove it.

Keep ALL the items. Mark them as follows: 
[x] done 
[ ] not done 

> [/] not applicable

Author: `[/]` is not supported by GitHub:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7d010224-087b-4693-a5ca-7284956a87d8)

But I find it helpful to separate n/a from not done ^^
